-->> Bloqueio de Lote

-->> Tabela de Entrada de Dados

--tabela => ws_bloqueio_lote
cd_bloqueio_lote int
dt_bloqueio_lote datetime
hr_bloqueio_lote varchar(5)
nm_identificador varchar(18)
cd_requisitante integer
nm_cnpj_requisitante varchar(18)
cd_destino integer
nm_cnpj_destino varchar(18)
nm_xsd_validacao varchar(100)
cd_centro_origem integer
nm_ident_oper varchar(3)
num_laudo_bloqueio varchar(50)
nm_arquivo_xml text
cd_usuario_inclusao int
dt_usuario_inclusao datetime
cd_usuario int
dt_usuario datetime

--tabela => ws_bloqueio_lote_centro_destino
cd_bloqueio_lote int
cd_centro_destino int
cd_usuario_inclusao int
dt_usuario_inclusao datetime
cd_usuario int 
dt_usuario datetime

--tabela => ws_bloqueio_lote_itens
cd_cloqueio_lote int 
cd_item_bloqueio_lote int 
cd_bloqueio_web int
nm_sku varchar(30)
nm_descricao varchar(100)
nm_categoria varchar(10)
nm_divisao varchar(10)
dt_fabricacao datetime
dt_vencimento datetime
qt_caixas int
qt_produtos int
nm_cod_lpn varchar(60)
dt_bloqueio datetime
nm_codigo_motivo varchar(10)
nm_descricao_motivo varchar(100)
nm_solicitante_motivo varchar(100)
cd_usuario_inclusao int
dt_usuario_inclusao datetime
cd_usuario int
dt_usuario datetime
